c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\ParserShopWeb.dll.config
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\ParserShopWeb.dll
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\ParserShopWeb.pdb
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\obj\Debug\ParserShopWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\obj\Debug\ParserShopWeb.dll
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\obj\Debug\ParserShopWeb.pdb
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
c:\users\nikita.mihaylov\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\ParserShopWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\ParserShopWeb.dll
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\ParserShopWeb.pdb
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.dll
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.pdb
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\HtmlAgilityPack.xml
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\obj\Debug\ParserShopWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\obj\Debug\ParserShopWeb.dll
C:\Users\nikita.mihaylov\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\ParserShopWeb\obj\Debug\ParserShopWeb.pdb
